So now, what we want to do is instead of just
logging a new tweet to the console whenever we hit "Submit",
what we want to do is actually update the state of our Redux store with that new tweet.
So the first thing we do as we typically do
whenever we are dealing with updating the state of our store,
is we want to build a few different actions.
So, inside of our Actions folder with our tweets.js file,
we want to import, save tweet,
and then we're also going to show our loading bar
when we save any tweet or when we add the tweet to our store.
So, let's grab showLoading as well as hideLoading,
which are both going to be coming from our react-redux-loading package.
Then now, what is the type of event that is going to occur when we add a new tweet?
Well, it's going to be the ADD_TWEET events.
Then now, what we can do is we can make a few different action creators.
The first one is just going to be a normal action creator,
which returns an action.
So, this one will be called addTweet.
It will take in a tweet.
The type will be ADD_TWEET and then it will just
add the tweet that is taking into the action itself.
Then now, let's build out our asynchronous action creator,
which we're going to export.
So, this one is going to take in the text of the tweet,
as well as the tweet that the new tweet is replying to if any.
Then now, what we want to do,
because we are going to be doing some asynchronous stuff,
we want to return a function which is going to be past dispatch,
and what's nice about returning a function to with our redux-thunk middleware is
it's also going to be passed a getState function
that we can invoke to get the current state of our store.
So what we will do,
is we can grab the authedUser off of our state by invoking getState.
Now before we make our asynchronous request,
we want to go ahead and show our loading bar.
Then once we've done that, we can call saveTweet,
passing it the text as well as the author,
which will just be the authedUser.
Then finally, if this tweet is a reply to another tweet,
and then what we can do once this resolves,
we're going to be passed the tweet itself that we can then take and
dispatch our ad tweet action creator passing it the tweet.
Then, once that one's done,
we can go ahead and dispatch our hideLoading action creator.
So now we have our action set up.
The next step we need to take is figuring out how we're going to actually
update the state based on the specific action.